# dotNET_WebClient_Assembley
.Net POC for webclient download. Great for loadassembley
Wonder if this could be used in Red Team Frameworks?


# Legalish Disclaimer:
I dont recommend or condone using anything on here for any reason. Anything in the Lists Dir i did not write so I cant exactly tell you what or how it does what it says it does. The scipts here may work, but just as likely have a chance to break the system they are run on. If you use them you do so at your own risk. I do/have NEVER authorized,condoned, or recommend the use of anything in any of my repos for any reason. This is a collection of simple scripts I found useful with my own Kali OS for educational purposes only. I did not create any of the scripts downloaded via the install.py script. All credit goes to the authors whos full URL and/or github account/Repo is listed in the script, please see their sites for more info or issue with their repo's. It should be noted that since these are all publically available. Do not use for evil, malicious purposes, or on machines you do not own.
If you use this software you do so at your own risk and the liability is with you. Note that the author is not responsible for the way the product is used and the software comes without warrenty. If you use the software (this means execution of it on a system) you acknowledge that you accept any risk or outcome with the use of the software. I have NEVER authorized, condoned, or recommend the use of anything in any of my repos for any malicious reason. Do not use for evil, malicious purposes, or on machines you do not own. I recommend that you always TEST it before you use it or deploy it. Use at your own risk.
